Organization:

     Our project is a web-based implementation of the arcade game Pacman. However, we decided not to pay for
web hosting, so it is only accessible in our appliance through localhost. All of the contents of our project 
lie within a folder called Pacman, which is itself be placed within a public folder whithin our appliance's 
localhost. The pacman folder contains subfolders containing all of our 1.) css, 2.) javascript, 3.) html, 
and 4.) sound files.

     Within our project's html folder, we have the html for our website's homepage (pacman_home.html), a page
on which the actual game is played (game.html), and a third page which contains a summary of the development
of the pacman game (pacman_learn.html). Thus, the entire project can be accessed by going to the url
http://localhost/pacman/pacman_home.html and then clicking on either the "play" button to view game.html
or the link "learn more about pacman" to see pacman_learn.html.


How to play:
    
    The game itself was implemented entirely in javascript, within the file called pacman_implementation_2.js. 
When you click on the button to "play game" fom the home screen, you will be directed to a new screen, where 
pushing the start button will cause the javascript to begin running. Once the intro music is done playing, the 
game will begin, with the ghosts immediately leaving their "holding tank," unlike traditional pacman. So be ready!
Gameplay itself is fairly simple, and mostly the same as the original pacman. The four arrow keys allow the user 
to direct pacman through the maze. Initially, pacman is unmoving, so it takes the ht of one of the four arrows to 
set him in motion. After that, pacman will continue to move in the same direction (even without you holding the 
key) untilhe hits a wall or you provide him with a new direction.  However, if you direct pacman to turn where 
there is no path for him to take, he will continue in his original direction. If, however, you hold down any of 
the four arrow keys to turn, pacman will turn in the specified direction at the first available path. 

           Punishments and Rewards:
           
           1.) EAT THE PELLETS! The user will be awarded one point for each regular pellet eaten.  Once all of 
               the pellets and power pellets have been eaten, you have won.
           
           2.) EAT THE POWER PELLETS! The user will receive 5 pellets for each power pellet consumed. In addition,
               the ghosts will be vulnerable for 5 seconds, allowing pacman to rack up points at he eats ghosts at,
               receiving 20 pts per ghost.  The ghosts will turn blue for the duration of the five seconds, 
               returning to their original color once time is up.
           
           3.) DON'T EAT THE POOP! when the game board is initiated, a not-so-delectable treat will be left in 
               the bottom left corner of the maze. While you must still consume all of the pellets around the
               poop in order to win the game, you must be careful not to touch the feces themselves. If you do,
               you will be deducted 20 points, and you will activate blinky's MEGA-BLINKY mode. In keeping with 
               the official title of our project (Pac-man: Revenge of Blinky), MEGA-BLINKY will be the ultimate 
               killing machine, able to phase through walls and travel in any direction to hunt down pacman, 
               using pacman's exact coordinates as his target. Blinky will remain in MEGA-BLINKY mode for seven 
               seconds. Lucky for you, if you are able to elude MEGA-BLINKY for the entire five seconds and the 
               time period ends as blinky is phasing through a wall, he will be returned to his starting position.
           
           4.) AVOID THE GHOSTS! Pacman starts with three lives, and each run-in with a ghost costs him one of them. 
               After touching a ghost, pacman and all of the ghosts reset. Once your lives have run out, the game 
               is over.
                
               

